Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
I think we're almost finished here.
Thank you.
Hey. I thought Nathalie
had a treatment tonight?
No. it was pushed until tomorrow.
If you guys need anything.
just let me know.
So who are they?
Nathan and Bridget Bischof.
Twenty-four years of age. Married.
Both had priors for dealing.
- Were they the only ones here?
- Yeah. we searched the place.
What's up?
What are you looking for?
Hello. Detective Müller.
- It's me. yes.
- Nice to meet you.
- And this must be Martin.
- Yeah.
Hello. Martin.
I'm going to show you around. okay?
Look. Martin. there are a lot of nice
places here where you can have fun.
Yes. it's nice here.
We place children all over the world
to deserving families.
Martin. Olivia will
take you inside now. okay?
Go ahead.
Don't worry. Detective Müller.
We will find Martin a wonderful new home.
I promise.
I'm sure of it.
Everything will be okay.
You'll be fine here.
See you soon. Martin. okay?
Merci.
Detective Müller?
How long has it been since Martin Bischof
went missing from the orphanage?
- About five years. Why?
- There's something you should see.
This just came in over Interpol.
It came from an agent
at the Boston FBI field office.
Matthew Burroughs.
The family who ran the orphanage
was also from Boston.
Exact same
physical similarities as Martin.
- Yes.
- And the timeline matches.
Something's wrong
'Cause my mind is spinning.
And everywhere I look. there's a…
I cannot believe you did this to me.
I told you what would happen
if this got out.
- It wasn't my call.
- Bullshit.
It's your byline. You're the editor.
And I work for my publisher.
who wasn't gonna wait
while another outlet broke the story.
They figured one splashy headline
is better than none.
Splashy headline?
We're talking about my nephew's life!
If something happens to him
because of this. because I talked to you…
I'm sorry. Rachel.
I never thought he would do this.
One thing we had going for us
is that no one knew we were here.
Cops are probably
sitting outside my father's right now.
I'm sorry.
Fuck.
Care to explain this?
- Do you know how this makes us look?
- Not good.
Do we know why he's here. or should
I just wait for tomorrow's headline?
Burroughs believes his son is still alive.
- What? Where are you getting that from?
- Kyle Bergin.
I know how it sounds. but when we arrested
Rachel Mills. she had a photograph on her.
In it. there's a boy with a birthmark
identical to the one
Matthew Burroughs had.
So you believe
that Burroughs' son is still alive?
I'm not saying I believe it. I'm saying
this is what Burroughs believes.
Regardless of what Burroughs believes.
we know that Bergin went to New York
looking for him.
More than likely. he got the order
directly from Nicky Fisher.
And if Nicky Fisher
is involved in all of this somehow.
it explains why Burroughs
is back in Boston.
What else did Bergin say?
Nothing. he lawyered up.
- So he's useless.
- No. maybe not.
- What are you getting at?
- The Murphy case. remember?
Austin.
Yeah. it might work.
Pretend I don't know
what the hell you two are talking about.
Sarah wants to put Bergin up as bait.
You wanna cut him loose. We've got him
on murder. The ballistics were a match.
After what happened in New York.
this is our best shot
at finding Burroughs.
And what happens if he kills someone
while he's out on his little day pass?
It's a risk.
We tail him.
Pick him up at the first sign of trouble.
I'll call New York.
What are we doing in the meantime?
If Burroughs is actually in town.
he'll likely try
to get in touch with his father.
We're starting there. Come on.
Did you have a good night?
- Did you get up to anything fun?
- Nothing exciting.
Caught up with an old friend.
Listen. my mother's
coming in this morning.
Can you let me know when she gets here?
- She's already here.
- Yeah. sorry. I thought you knew.
- Is she...
- She... She told me it was important.
It's okay.
- Hello. darling.
- Hello. Mother.
You know. I was supposed
to be meeting the board.
Yes. well. I took the liberty
of having Pam clear your schedule.
That's a bit dramatic.
How was New York?
Did you think I wouldn't find out?
To be honest.
I didn't really give it a thought.
Well. that's your problem. Hayden.
When it comes to this woman. you never do.
- Why do you do that?
- Do what?
Diminish her like that.
Rachel is a friend. You know that.
A friend?
She's helping a fugitive.
And no matter how hard
you try to play the hero.
this only ends one way for her.
So better for it to end quickly
before she drags you down with her.
I helped her. It's over.
The FBI found a gun
in Washington Square Park.
Your gun.
The one that you gave to David Burroughs
after your little sleepover.
And that gun implicates you in a murder.
So. no.
This is far from over.
What did you do?
A police report has been generated.
detailing how Rachel Mills reached out
looking for a place to stay.
You agreed to help an old friend.
having absolutely no knowledge
that she was complicit
in David Burroughs's escape
and that he was with her.
Before they left.
they stole your gun.
and you haven't heard from them since.
You're basically guaranteeing
that Rachel gets arrested.
Darling boy…
Better her than you.
0-6-9. we're at Lenny Burroughs's house.
All clear.
How are we gonna get past the cops?
You'll see.
During Prohibition. this neighborhood
was a hub for bootlegging.
They built tunnels to run the booze.
Adam and I used to play in them as kids.
How does that help us?
This tunnel leads all the way
down the block to my dad's.
Thank you. Al Capone.
Dad?
Aunt Sophie.
Hey.
David.
What are you doing here?
Are you okay?
- Yeah. I'm okay.
- All right.
- Okay.
- Remember Rachel?
Yeah. Thank you for helping.
- Of course.
- My God.
I need to speak to my dad.
You know where he is?
No.
I just came back from the hospital.
looking for him.
- Hospital?
- Is something wrong?
I'm sorry. David.
Your father was diagnosed
with colon cancer about six months ago.
How bad is it?
Bad enough that he'd never miss chemo.
I came over this morning to check on him.
and his bed looked like
it hadn't been slept in.
I think something's happened to him.
Yeah. I think it might
be connected to Matthew.
There's something you need to see.
You don't really think that boy
in the photograph is his kid. do you?
It would explain
why Burroughs has been doing
all the crazy shit he's been doing
and why he didn't just head to the border.
Well. fair enough.
But answer me this.
If that wasn't Matthew Burroughs's body
the police found in his bed that night.
who was it?
I don't know.
But if I was curious.
I would be looking for a boy
around Matthew's age.
matching his basic physical descriptions.
narrow that search
to boys who went missing
within six months of the murder
and forward the request
to the National Center
for Missing and Exploited Children.
and maybe throw in Interpol
for good measure.
So when did you do all that?
Last night.
Don't worry. I have my eye on the ball.
I know what we're here to do.
You better.
It's just…
Have you ever been chasing someone
you thought might be innocent?
Hey.
We just catch 'em. We don't cook 'em.
Charley Dane…
Robbed a laundromat and killed the owner.
swore up and down he was never
anywhere near the place.
He escapes. I catch him.
But on the ride back. he…
I don't know. You know. most guys.
they just yammer on and on.
pissed they got caught. Some of 'em…
They find it kind of amusing. but…
Charley…
Charley was quiet.
Quiet in a way
that just never sat well with me.
Fifteen years later.
DNA evidence exonerated him.
I never knew the great Max Williams
had any regrets.
He doesn't.
I did my job.
When the time comes
to capture Burroughs. so will you.
After you broke out.
Philip told us about Matthew.
that you thought he was alive.
So the boys are going over the case again.
trying to find out who could've done this.
- Well. did they find anything?
- Yeah.
The night Matthew was taken.
Cheryl was called into the hospital.
Yeah. there was a bus accident.
No. that's just it. There wasn't.
The person who called her in
that night was lying.
Do they know who it was?
The hospital administrator.
Ronald Dreason.
- That... That can't be right.
- Who the hell is Ronald Dreason?
Cheryl's husband.
And your father went
to go talk to him yesterday.
But that doesn't make any sense. okay…
Ronald's never had a speeding ticket.
There's no way
he's connected to Nicky Fisher.
You think Nicky Fisher is a part of this?
Lenny Burroughs. FBI.
We need to speak with you.
- Can I help you?
- FBI. ma'am.
I'm Agent Max Williams.
This is Agent Greer.
We need to speak with Lenny Burroughs.
He's not here.
- And you are?
- His sister. Sophie.
- Sophie. do you know when he'll be back?
- I'm sorry. no.
Mind if we come in? Wait for him inside?
We can come back with a search warrant.
if that's how you wanna play it.
That's not how you wanna play it. is it?
Where'd you say he was again?
I didn't. because I don't know.
You're his sister in his house.
and you don't know where he is?
No.
Well. maybe he's with your nephew.
Has David contacted you?
No. I haven't seen my nephew.
That's not what I asked you.
Look. I really don't know how long
it'll be before Lenny gets back.
but why don't you just leave your number.
and I'll make sure he contacts you.
Excuse me!
Where do you think you're going?
You don't mind
if we take a look around. do you?
It's not like you've got something to hide.
Liam Fisher.
Hey. Max. you're gonna
want to come in here.
Looks like Detective Burroughs
has come out of retirement.
Yes. it does.
Now. why would he be
looking into Nicky Fisher's son?
Well. it may be just a hobby.
Keep himself busy.
Or maybe.
Lenny's trying to prove
his son is innocent.
So. what if he is? Is that a crime?
If he's had contact with David.
you're damn right it is.
And if you know he's been helping him.
that makes you an accessory.
Okay. fine. I'll tell you.
He's at Boston General.
My brother has cancer.
He had chemo at 8:00 a.m. this morning.
Why not just tell us that?
The last thing he needs
is to be grilled by the FBI
for information he doesn't have
while he's sitting there
getting poison dumped into his veins.
Fourth floor.
Ask for Nurse Holly.
We will.
Meanwhile. we're gonna have you
wait down at our office.
Excuse me?
When we asked you where your brother was
and you said you didn't know?
That's obstruction.
Let's go.
Shit.
She's tough.
She's gonna be all right.
I gotta get to Nicky Fisher.
- How do you plan to do that?
- I don't know.
I should do it alone.
Alone?
Okay.
I'm gonna head to the hospital
and find out why Ronald lied.
Be careful.
You too.
Hey. Adam. it's Eddie calling.
Look. I got a prescription for your dad
down at the store you need to come get.
Kind of time sensitive.
Eddie. I got your call.
What's this about
a prescription for my dad?
Yeah. yeah. one sec.
An old friend of ours
has it for you in the back.
I'm just gonna step outside for a minute.
Adam.
I saw The Globe.
I was hoping that they were wrong.
What the hell are you doing back here?
I think I know who took Matthew.
Nicky Fisher?
Jesus Christ.
I mean. I'm not gonna
put anything past the guy.
but kidnapping kids. it doesn't fit.
doesn't make sense.
I'm telling you. he's involved.
I need to know where Nicky lives.
Yeah. and after that?
That's what I'm afraid of.
Nicky's semi-retired.
He left Revere five years ago.
No one knows where he is.
Last time anyone saw Nicky
or any of his top guys
was at his grandson's christening
a few years back.
You remember his daughter. Lena?
She was a few years behind us.
She still lives here?
Yeah. she's on Beach Parkway.
right by the roundabout.
No.
No fucking way.
Why not?
Because she's got nothing to do
with Nicky's business.
Because she's a suburban mother.
It isn't right.
None of this is right.
You know why everyone knows
where Lena lives?
It's 'cause no one's stupid enough
to do whatever it is
you're thinking about doing.
What I'm thinking about doing?
I wasn't the one who started this.
I'm not the one who thought it was okay
to go and kidnap my fucking son.
If I'm gonna get Matthew back.
I need something to trade. Something…
Something that Nicky truly values.
Let me help you.
Let me just make a few phone calls
and find out where Nicky is.
- No. I don't have time.
- You've got one shot with this guy.
If my way doesn't work.
we'll try it your way.
I'm asking you
to trust me.
Okay. make your calls.
On a landline
'cause the FBI will be tracking you.
I need everything you can find out
about Liam Fisher.
Okay.
Start with BPD and then
reach out to Organized Crime.
see if there's any connection between
Fisher and Lenny or David Burroughs.
But do it quietly.
Got it.
We have eyes on Skunk?
We've got a tail on him
since he left New York.
- He just headed into Boston now.
- Okay. good.
I want them checking in every 15 minutes.
Copy that.
So Lenny Burroughs did not make it
to his appointment today.
but guess who was here earlier
looking for him?
- Aunt Sophie.
- Sent us on a wild goose chase.
You check in with Chopra?
Skunk's in Boston.
Yeah? He kill anybody on the way here?
Not that we know of.
I'm having Chopra look into Liam Fisher.
There has to be a reason
that Lenny had that file.
I want to know why.
Appreciate that. Thanks.
Okay. I talked to my CI.
He's gonna be able
to help me find out a little bit more...
David?
- Can I help you?
- I've got a Grilton Pharmacy delivery.
No. that must be a mistake.
It says Fisher. Lena Fisher.
- I need someone to sign.
- Yeah.
- Do you know who my father is?
- He's the man who took my son.
Anyone home?
No.
- You sure?
- Yes.
Sit down.
Where's your son?
He's at the park with his nanny.
and he's gonna be home soon.
- So tell me what you want.
- I want my son.
So you're gonna tell your father
that David Burroughs wants to talk.
He's gonna kill you.
Call him.
Dad. it's me.
David Burroughs is here.
And he's got a gun.
Dad. go ahead.
Listen to me very carefully. David.
Put the gun down.
and there's a chance you walk out alive.
I'd just be worried
about your daughter's life. not mine.
Her life for my son.
You think I got to where I am
by letting people blackmail me?
By not knowing
what's going on in my own backyard?
Last chance. David. Put the gun down.
Look what we have here.
What are you gonna do?
Shoot all three of us?
If I have to.
Motherfucker.
Hayden. hey. what's going on?
Everything okay?
I'm not sure what that word
even means anymore.
Hey. any chance I can call you back?
No. this can't wait.
Look. the gun that I gave David
in New York. he lost it.
The feds traced it back to me.
Sorry. What are you gonna do?
It's out of my hands.
My mother has filed a police report
claiming that the gun was stolen
when you and David stayed
at my apartment without my knowledge.
So your mom told them
that I was with David.
but they don't have any proof. right?
They've asked me to send in
the security footage from the apartment.
Hayden. please. you can't do that.
I know.
Lucky for you.
the system has had some technical issues.
and it looks like everything has been
deleted.
Technical issues do happen.
Yes. they do.
Be careful out there. all right?
- I'll call you later.
- See you later.
Yeah.
Because I told her that I'd follow up. so…
My God! Rachel!
What are you doing here?
I'm sorry to put you through this.
Coming here wasn't smart. Rachel.
Didn't have a choice.
I needed to talk to you. actually.
I know Lenny came to see you yesterday.
Well. he didn't talk to Ronald.
He talked to me.
If this is about his ridiculous
conspiracy theory about me
and some fake bus accident.
you are wasting your time.
I don't think I am.
Lenny's missing.
No one's seen him since he spoke to you.
How do you know that?
Sophie told me right before
she was arrested by the FBI.
What?
- That's it. I'm calling the police.
- Go ahead.
He's lying. Cheryl.
The MTA will confirm
there was no bus accident.
Ronald?
You need to leave now
before we all end up in jail.
My God.
She's right.
You're lying.
It's not what you think.
Then explain it to me.
Look. I had a crush on you.
I know how childish that sounds.
but it is the truth.
And as we got to know each other more.
I thought maybe
you could have feelings for me too.
So that night of all nights.
I… I told myself to be bold.
I threw caution to the wind.
And I called you and I told you
that there was a bus accident
because I wanted to see you.
I had no idea what was gonna happen
that night. How could I?
And you just… kept this from me?
Yeah.
Because I knew if I told you the truth.
then you would look at me
like you're looking at me right now.
Don't.
What do you think you're doing?
What does it look like?
Absolutely not!
Please. I gotta… I gotta talk to Nicky.
No. We're way past all that.
You see. Mr. Fisher wants you dead.
And he blames me that you ain't.
So this is like a "two birds. one bullet"
kind of situation.
Please.
Skunk. I said not in my kitchen.
I will clean up.
Put the weapon down.
Now!
I said. put it down.
Turn around and walk away.
Can't do that.
Yeah?
Why's that?
There's been a change of plans.
Nicky wants to talk to him.
Nobody told me.
I'm telling you now.
I'm sorry. David.
For whatever it's worth. I… I believe him.
What happened that night wasn't his fault.
Yeah. I know.
If anything. it was my fault.
What do you mean?
Remember how hard it was
for me and David to get pregnant?
Yeah. of course.
Well. after years of fertility treatment
and feeling like
something about us was broken.
it made me lose hope.
I started
thinking about using a donor.
You didn't tell me.
It never came to anything because…
We got pregnant with Matthew.
And I was really happy.
I thought. great. Now we can
get back to normal. Start our lives.
There was distance between us. and…
At first we tried to ignore it and then…
We just started living with it.
You know. parenting rather than
being husband and wife.
Right. but none of that means that what
happened to Matthew is your fault.
The night that…
The night of the bus accident.
when Ronald told me that
it had been rerouted.
he. asked me to stay for a coffee.
And I said yes.
I knew that he liked me.
That's why I stayed. you know? It was…
It was nice to feel wanted again.
Did something happen between you two?
No.
It was just a harmless coffee.
Except it wasn't. was it?
- Because if I'd have gone home that night…
- Cheryl.
- No. if I'd have gone home…
- You can't...
…I could've stopped David.
I could have woken him up.
shook him out of it.
I could've saved my little boy.
Hey.
I didn't save my little boy
because I was having coffee…
With another man. and…
I have lived with that guilt
every day of my life since.
You don't have to.
Because Matthew wasn't killed that night.
Rachel. please.
He's alive.
Just look at the picture.
He's right there.
Where did you get this?
My friend posted it a few weeks ago.
The birthmark. it's…
It's in the exact same spot.
I know.
How is that possible?
- Are those the files I asked for?
- Everything the BPD had on Liam Fisher.
Speaking of the Fishers.
Skunk's follow team is parked
outside of Lena Fisher's house right now.
Keeping an eye on the boss's daughter?
Let us know if Bergin moves.
You can handle Aunt Sophie alone.
I'll do my best.
Why would you send
me and my partner on a wild goose chase?
You had to know we were gonna
figure out you were lying!
What the hell was the upside?
I was scared.
I-I just wanted you out of the house.
Bullshit. You come from a cop family.
You don't strike me as somebody
who scares in the face of authority.
Well. what has you so frightened then?
Is it David?
Did he wrap your brother up in this?
I know you didn't lie
about him being sick.
I talked to the nurse.
How long does he have. Sophie?
Is this the way you want him to spend
whatever time he has left?
No.
Look. we know that David thinks
his son is alive.
If that's true. we're the only ones
who can bring him home.
But you gotta help us. Sophie. Come on.
Talk to me.
Tell me where David and Lenny are.
You don't understand.
I really don't know.
That's why I'm so scared.
Something terrible has happened.
I think they took Lenny.
Who? Who?
Who took him?
The same person who took Matthew.
Hey! You're not gonna believe this.
Aunt Sophie thinks Nicky Fisher
took her brother and get this.
she also thinks he took Matthew Burroughs.
Now. ain't that some crazy shit?
Well. it's not as crazy as you might think.
Back in 2016. Nicky's son. Liam.
was arrested for murder.
Check out who the arresting officer was.
Lenny Burroughs and Philip Mackenzie.
Three months into his sentence.
Liam's killed by another inmate.
So you think this is about revenge?
I mean. if he blames Lenny
for his son's death. then maybe.
Okay. say you're right.
Why not kill Lenny Burroughs back then
and be done with it?
Why go after him now?
Skunk's follow team.
What's going on?
- We got eyes on Burroughs.
- Can you take him?
Not without a gunfight
in a residential neighborhood.
Skunk's got two men with him. both armed.
And Adam Mackenzie's with them.
They're getting into his truck.
- What do you want us to do?
- You follow him! We're on our way.
Coffee any good here?
It's no Dunkin'.
What's going on?
I've been going through
social media photos from Six Flags
the day that Matthew was there.
I can't find any that show
who he was with. but look at this.
Payne Industries.
They rented out the whole park that day.
So I'm sure there was
a corporate photographer that day.
I just need access to all the photos.
- Do you think you can get them for me?
- Yeah.
- What is it?
- Hayden is still helping her.
If she keeps digging.
who knows what she'll find.
We have to make sure
she doesn't get any further.
I understand.
Hayden can never know the truth.
I'll deal with Rachel Mills.
Special Agent D'Souza.
Miss Payne.
Gertrude. please. Sit down.
You're a fucking rat.
It's not that simple.
- Didn't you know the whole time?
- What?
That Nicky took my son?
I sat for five years in Briggs
believing that he was dead
while you were out here working
with the fucking man that took him.
I didn't have a choice.
It's really good that you two
are working through your issues.
You know. clear the air before. you know.
Shut up.
- Nicky says he just wants to talk.
- Right.
'Cause Nicky's a real conversationalist.
We all know how this is gonna end.
They're heading
south on 93. towards Beachmont.
What's in Beachmont?
Shit. There's a private airstrip
near Winthrop Parkway.
They're gonna fly him out.
We should radio the airfield
and ground them.
There's nobody there.
The place is too small for a tower.
But I think we can beat them there.
They are headed to a private airfield
near Winthrop Parkway.
Keep eyes on them. but we have point.
We're going on a plane?
Yes. Nicky's jet will be here any minute.
Shit!
Chopra. Simmons. take the second car!
We're on primary!
There it is.
Get us into position!
Get me closer!
Fuck!
Go! Go!
Go! Go! Go! Keep your head down!
Adam. I gotta get on that plane!
If he makes a run for it.
you take him down. understand?
Yes.
- How many rounds you got left?
- I'm not shooting a fed!
Yeah? Well. it's us or them!
- The stairs are down. we gotta go!
- For Christ's sake. would you run already?
Do it! Run!
FBI! Stop!
Dad.
Dad!
I have an agent down
at Wynbrandt Airfield.
I need EMTs here at runway 1-4.
Hey. hang on. Pop. I'm right here. okay?
All right. stay with me.
They're on the way.
Can you copy? I need EMTs at runway 1-4!
Dad. stay with me. I'm right here.
Hello. David.
I'm Nicky Fisher.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm